README.md, before:

# HNPaper News

Welcome to the **HNPaper News** repository, an automated news archive from [HNPaper](https://hnpaper-labs.gaidot.net).

This project is version v2, rebuilt with **Astro** to replace the old Jekyll version. It generates a fast and lightweight static site hosted on GitHub Pages.

## 🚀 Technologies

-   **Framework**: [Astro](https://astro.build) v5
-   **Styles**: [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com) v4
-   **Hosting**: GitHub Pages

## 📂 Project Structure

```text
/
├── public/          # Static files (favicon, CNAME, etc.)
├── src/
│   ├── content/     # Content collections
│   │   └── news/    # News Markdown files (YYYY-MM-DD-HHMM.md)
│   ├── layouts/     # Layouts (Layout.astro)
│   ├── pages/       # Routes (index, pagination, detail pages)
│   └── styles/      # Global CSS
├── astro.config.mjs # Astro configuration
└── package.json     # Dependencies and scripts
```

## 🛠️ Installation and Local Development

Prerequisites: Node.js installed.

1.  **Install dependencies**

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

2.  **Start the development server**

    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

    The site will be available at `http://localhost:4321`.

3.  **Build for production**

    ```bash
    npm run build
    ```

    The generated files will be in the `dist/` folder.

4.  **Preview the production build**

    ```bash
    npm run preview
    ```

## 📦 Deployment

Deployment is automated via **GitHub Actions**.
On every push to the `main` branch, the workflow `.github/workflows/deploy.yml` builds the site and deploys it to the GitHub Pages environment.

## 📝 Content

News items are stored as Markdown files in `src/content/news/`.
Filename format: `YYYY-MM-DD-HHMM.md`.

---
*Generated by HNPaper Bot*

Commit message:

docs: update README with new features (TTS, Share)

README.md, after:

# HNPaper News

Welcome to the **HNPaper News** repository, an automated news archive from [HNPaper](https://hnpaper-labs.gaidot.net).

This project is version v2, rebuilt with **Astro** to replace the old Jekyll version. It generates a fast and lightweight static site hosted on GitHub Pages.

## ✨ Features

-   **Daily Summaries**: Automated archives of HNPaper news.
-   **Audio Player (TTS)**: Integrated text-to-speech functionality to listen to articles.
    -   Adjustable playback speed (0.75x to 7x).
    -   Interactive highlighting (karaoke style).
    -   Click on any word to start reading from there.
    -   **Shortcut**: Press `Space` to Play/Pause.
-   **Share Section**: Click on the link icon next to any paragraph to copy a direct link to that specific section.
-   **Newspaper Design**: A clean, serif-focused aesthetic inspired by classic print media.

## 🚀 Technologies

-   **Framework**: [Astro](https://astro.build) v5
-   **Styles**: [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com) v4
-   **Hosting**: GitHub Pages

## 📂 Project Structure

```text
/
├── public/          # Static files (favicon, CNAME, etc.)
├── src/
│   ├── content/     # Content collections
│   │   └── news/    # News Markdown files (YYYY-MM-DD-HHMM.md)
│   ├── layouts/     # Layouts (Layout.astro)
│   ├── pages/       # Routes (index, pagination, detail pages)
│   └── styles/      # Global CSS
├── astro.config.mjs # Astro configuration
└── package.json     # Dependencies and scripts
```

## 🛠️ Installation and Local Development

Prerequisites: Node.js installed.

1.  **Install dependencies**

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

2.  **Start the development server**

    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

    The site will be available at `http://localhost:4321`.

3.  **Build for production**

    ```bash
    npm run build
    ```

    The generated files will be in the `dist/` folder.

4.  **Preview the production build**

    ```bash
    npm run preview
    ```

## 📦 Deployment

Deployment is automated via **GitHub Actions**.
On every push to the `main` branch, the workflow `.github/workflows/deploy.yml` builds the site and deploys it to the GitHub Pages environment.

## 📝 Content

News items are stored as Markdown files in `src/content/news/`.
Filename format: `YYYY-MM-DD-HHMM.md`.

---
*Generated by HNPaper Bot*
